Q: What is a server

A: Servers are physical, virtual machines or software that serve or provide functionality to other programs or devices called clients

Q: What is the role of the domain name

A: The domain name is used to replace IP addresses that are not easy to be remembered by humans with memorable names that are easy to remember (e.g. google.com)

Q: What type of DNS record www is in www.foobar.com

A: www is a subdomain of foobar.com

Q: What is the role of the web server

A: It stores the files of a site and broadcast them over the Internet so that they can be visited by users.

Q: What is the role of the application server

A: The application server is the intermediary between browser-based databases and back-end databases and legacy systems. In many uses, the application server combines or works with a web server (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) and is called a web application server.

Q: What is the role of the database

A: The role of the database is to make the information gathered organized so it can be easily accessed, managed and updated.

Q: What is the server using to communicate with the computer of the user requesting the website

A: The server is using the HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol), which enables the transfer of resource and data, such as HTML documents between the server and the client.

1. Issues are with this infrastructure SPOF:
	If a componenet of th system fails there is no backup to support continuity of functionality of the system,
	therefore when ever there is an issue with the server the client cannot access information on it.

2. Downtime when maintenance needed (like deploying new code web server needs to be restarted):
	When there need for maintainance the server will need to be resarted and during this period there will be no access to the website.

3. Cannot scale if too much incoming traffic:
	In the a situatuion where there is an increase in traffic on the website is the traffic exceeds the treshold
	of the server it cannot be scaled as there are limited resources available on the server.
